README.md, before:

# [Start Bootstrap - Resume](https://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/resume/)

[Resume](https://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/resume/) is a resume and CV theme for [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) created by [Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/). This theme features a fixed sidebar with content sections to build a simple, yet elegant resume.

## Preview

[![Resume Preview](https://startbootstrap.com/assets/img/screenshots/themes/resume.png)](https://blackrockdigital.github.io/startbootstrap-resume/)

**[View Live Preview](https://blackrockdigital.github.io/startbootstrap-resume/)**



## About

Start Bootstrap is an open source library of free Bootstrap templates and themes. All of the free templates and themes on Start Bootstrap are released under the MIT license, which means you can use them for any purpose, even for commercial projects.

* https://startbootstrap.com
* https://twitter.com/SBootstrap

Start Bootstrap was created by and is maintained by **[David Miller](http://davidmiller.io/)**, Owner of [Blackrock Digital](http://blackrockdigital.io/).

* http://davidmiller.io
* https://twitter.com/davidmillerskt
* https://github.com/davidtmiller

Start Bootstrap is based on the [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) framework created by [Mark Otto](https://twitter.com/mdo) and [Jacob Thorton](https://twitter.com/fat).

## Copyright and License

Copyright 2013-2019 Blackrock Digital LLC. Code released under the [MIT](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-resume/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

Added new sections to Read Me

README.md, after:

# [Start Bootstrap - Resume](https://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/resume/)

[Resume](https://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/resume/) is a resume and CV theme for [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) created by [Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/). 

I used it to create my own Portfolio with a few changes and addtions.

## Preview

[![Resume Preview](example.JPG)](https://jonesec2.github.io/christian-jones-portfolio/)

**[View Live Preview](https://jonesec2.github.io/christian-jones-portfolio/)**

## Contact
This has my name, and contact information, as well as links to my socials and resume.

## Examples
This section shows examples of my coding

## Experience
An abridged version of the experience located in my resume.

## Education
An abridged version of the education located in my resume.

## Skills
Visually appealing representation of the coding languages and technologies I use.

## Interests
An abridged and fun description of the things I enjoy outside of work.


## About

Start Bootstrap is an open source library of free Bootstrap templates and themes. All of the free templates and themes on Start Bootstrap are released under the MIT license, which means you can use them for any purpose, even for commercial projects.

* https://startbootstrap.com
* https://twitter.com/SBootstrap

Start Bootstrap was created by and is maintained by **[David Miller](http://davidmiller.io/)**, Owner of [Blackrock Digital](http://blackrockdigital.io/).

* http://davidmiller.io
* https://twitter.com/davidmillerskt
* https://github.com/davidtmiller

Start Bootstrap is based on the [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) framework created by [Mark Otto](https://twitter.com/mdo) and [Jacob Thorton](https://twitter.com/fat).

## Copyright and License

Copyright 2013-2019 Blackrock Digital LLC. Code released under the [MIT](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-resume/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE) license.
